CVS-46606 Custom node implementation for OCR (#541)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/east_ocr.md

#  Optical Character Recognition with Directed Acyclic Graph

This document demonstrate how to create and use an Optical Character Recognition (OCR) pipeline based on [east-resnet50](https://github.com/argman/EAST) text detection model,
[CRNN](https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow) text recognition combined with a custom node implementation.

Using such pipeline, a single request to OVMS can perform a complex set of operations with a response containing
recognized characters for all detected text boxes. 

## OCR Graph

Below is depicted the graph implementing a complete OCR pipelines. 

![OCR graph](east_ocr.png)

It includes the following Nodes:

> - Model east-resent50 - inference execution which takes the user image as input. It returns two outputs including information about all detected boxes, their location and scores.

Reviewer: So it is east or resent50 ;)?

Author: full model name is east-resnet50

Reviewer: Still there is a typo `resent`. If that's the full model name then it is ok

> - Custom node east_ocr - it includes C++ implementation of east-resnet50 model results interpretation. It analyses the detected boxes coordinates, filters the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom node east_ocr - it includes C++ implementation of east model results processing. It analyses the detected boxes coordinates, filters the results
```

based on the configurable score level threshold and and applies non-max suppression algorithm to remove overlaping boxes. Finally the custom node east-ocr crops all detected boxes
from the original image, resize them to the target resolution and combines into a single output of a dynamic batch size. The output batch size is determined by the number of detected

> boxes according to the configured criteria. All operations on the images employ OpenCV libraries which are preinstalled in the OVMS. Learn more about the [east_ocr custom model](TBD)

Reviewer: TBD?

graph_io.write_graph(frozen, '.', 'frozen_graph.pb', as_text=False)
```
It will save the frozen graph of the model during the demo execution.

Install the following python dependencies in your python virtual environment:
```
virtualenv . .venv ; source .venv/bin/activate
pip install tensorflow==1.15.0 opencv-python matplotlib easydict
```
Run the demo code via 
```bash
python3 tools/demo_shadownet.py --image_path data/test_images/test_01.jpg --weights_path model/shadownet/shadownet_2017-10-17-11-47-46.ckpt-199999
```
Convert the frozen TensorFlow graph to OpenVINO format:
```
docker run -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v ${PWD}/:/CRNN_Tensorflow:rw openvino/ubuntu18_dev:latest deployment_tools/model_optimizer/mo_tf.py \
--input_model /CRNN_Tensorflow/frozen_graph.pb \
--output_dir /CRNN_Tensorflow/IR/1/
```
It will export the optimized CRNN model to `CRNN_Tensorflow/IR/1/` folder.

Converted CRNN model will have the following interface:
- Input name: `input`;  shape: `[1 3 32 100]` ; precision: `FP32`, layout: `NCHW`
- Output name: `shadow/LSTMLayers/transpose_time_major` ; shape: `[25 1 37]` ; precision: `FP32`

## Building the Custom Node "east_ocr" Library 

> Custom node in OVMS are attached as external dynamic library inplementing OVMS API from [custom_node_interface.h](../src/custom_node_interface.h).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom nodes in are loaded into OVMS as dynamic library implementing OVMS API from [custom_node_interface.h](../src/custom_node_interface.h).
```
